Every day is a new opportunity. You can build on yesterday's success or put its failures behind and start over again. That's the way life is, with a new game every day, and that's the way baseball is.
Do what you love to do and give it your very best. Whether it's business or baseball, or the theater, or any field. If you don't love what you're doing and you can't give it your best, get out of it. Life is too short. You'll be an old man before you know it.
I have observed that baseball is not unlike a war, and when you come right down to it, we batters are the heavy artillery.
Baseball is like driving, it's the one who gets home safely that counts. 
Baseball is like church. Many attend few understand.
I ain't ever had a job, I just always played baseball.
God knows I gave my best in baseball at all times and no man on earth can truthfully judge me otherwise. 
There are a lot of people who influenced me, nurtured me, helped me along the way. But I can just recall looking back, the first time I got my baseball glove. Put it on the wrong hand, all those kind of things.
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.
When her boyfriend broke his leg, I knew it was my chance to ask her to dance. So I put down my baseball bat and approached her like Babe Ruth.
It took me seventeen years to get three thousand hits in baseball. It took one afternoon on the golf course.
They say some of my stars drink whiskey. But I have found that the ones who drink milkshakes don't win many ball games.
I've been able to sleep with my eyes open ever since I started watching baseball.
If you don't think too good, don't think too much.
I’m trying to cover all my bases so I can be a complete baseball nonplayer. I’ve already not bought a bat, a glove, and a bed to sleep on.
The way to make coaches think you're in shape in the spring is to get a tan. 
I didn't mean to hit the umpire with the dirt, but I did mean to hit that bastard in the stands.
If you get three strikes, even the best lawyer in the world can't get you off.
I think I throw the ball as hard as anyone. The ball just doesn't get there as fast. 
I never took the game home with me. I always left it in some bar
Well, it took me 17 years to get 3,000 hits in baseball, and I did it in one afternoon on the golf course
We know we're better than this, but we can't prove it.
You don't realize how easy this game is until you get up in that broadcasting booth.
The funny thing about these uniforms is that you hang them in the closet and they get smaller and smaller.
When you start the game, they don't say "Work ball!" They say "Play ball!”
A hot dog at the game beats roast beef at the Ritz.
A man once told me to walk with the Lord. I'd rather walk with the bases loaded.
So I'm ugly. So what? I never saw anyone hit with his face.
He looks like a greyhound, but he runs like a bus.

